30/10/2020 Meeting
[Attendees: Tom, Sam]

Notes: 

The initial bottleneck of the project will be in "cleansing" the files. 
We had a look through the files and got an idea of what is required. 

The plan formed as of today is basically as follows:

(1) Complete the Root homeworks over the weekend.
(2) Meet up as a group on Monday and delegate work between us all,
however as mentioned, we can't really do a great deal until we all 
have the ability to open and use the files.
(3) Tom to set up a Github repository.
